1. FIX: Arsenal's bracket win probability
The bracket is currently showing Arsenal at 4.1% which is the probability of winning the ENTIRE tournament from their bracket slot — not their overall tournament win probability. This is confusing users.
Fix the bracket display so each team shows:

Their probability of WINNING THEIR NEXT TIE (i.e. advancing from R16 → QF, or QF → SF etc.)
AND separately, their overall tournament win probability from Monte Carlo (e.g. "18.5% to win UCL")

The overall tournament win % should be prominently displayed on each team card in the bracket — this is what users expect to see when they see Arsenal ELO=2210.

2. UPDATE: R16 confirmed results
Update the bracket and all probability calculations with today's confirmed results:
CONFIRMED THROUGH:
- PSG: beat Chelsea 3-0 tonight (8-2 on aggregate) → PSG advance
- Real Madrid: beat Man City 2-1 tonight (5-1 on aggregate) → Real Madrid advance
- Arsenal: beat Leverkusen 2-0 tonight (3-1 on aggregate) → Arsenal advance
- Sporting CP: beat Bodø/Glimt 5-0 tonight (5-3 on aggregate) → Sporting advance

STILL TO PLAY (second legs tomorrow):
- Liverpool vs Galatasaray (Galatasaray lead 1-0 on agg)
- Barcelona vs Newcastle (1-1 on agg)
- Atletico Madrid vs Tottenham (Atletico lead 5-2 on agg — effectively done)
- Bayern Munich vs Atalanta (Bayern lead 6-1 on agg — effectively done)

MARK AS ELIMINATED:
- Chelsea (lost 2-8 on agg)
- Man City (lost 1-5 on agg)
- Leverkusen (lost 1-3 on agg)
- Bodø/Glimt (lost 3-5 on agg)
Eliminated teams should still appear in the ELO ratings table but visually marked as OUT (greyed out, strikethrough or eliminated badge). Still display all their stats — just show they are out.
Teams still to play (Liverpool, Barcelona, Atletico, Tottenham, Galatasaray, Newcastle, Bayern, Atalanta) should show as "TBD" in the bracket with their current aggregate score shown.

3. NEW TAB: "Why these weights?"
Add a new tab called "Why these weights?" that explains the v7 model variable weightings in plain human language. NOT bullet points, NOT tables — write it as flowing paragraphs as if a knowledgeable football analyst is explaining their methodology to a friend.
The tab should cover each component:
UCL Phase (57%) — Why we weight UCL performance so heavily. The argument: 8-10 UCL games against the best teams in Europe is more specific to the task than any domestic data. These games are played under knockout pressure, against top opposition, in the exact competition we're predicting. A team's xG against Bayern is more informative than their xG against Luton.
Defence > Attack (36% vs 28% within UCL) — Why defence is weighted higher than attack inside the UCL block. The argument: historically 12 of the last 15 UCL champions had a top-5 xGA in the competition. Two-legged knockout ties are decided by who concedes fewer, not who scores more. A team that keeps it tight away can win on the counter at home.
Domestic Form (25%) — Why we include domestic stats at all, and why 25%. The argument: 30 league games is a far more reliable statistical sample than 8 UCL games. The law of large numbers means domestic xG and xGA are better estimates of a team's true quality. The league strength multiplier (England=1.0, Spain=0.806 etc.) adjusts for the fact that a Bayern xG in the Bundesliga isn't worth the same as an Arsenal xG in the Premier League.
QAWR — Quality Adjusted Win Rate (inside UCL block) — Why we don't just use win percentage. The argument: beating Qarabag 6-0 tells you less than beating Arsenal 1-0. QAWR weights each result by the opponent's UEFA coefficient relative to the competition average. Recency weighting (last 4 games ×1.2, first 4 ×0.8) means a team that peaked in January matters more than one that peaked in September. Playoff games get a 1.3× multiplier because knockout football is a fundamentally different test.
Strength of Schedule (8%) — Why SOS matters but only gets 8%. The argument: a team with a QAWR of 0.8 who played Bayern, Real Madrid and Arsenal is genuinely better than a team with QAWR of 0.8 who played Slavia Praha, Qarabag and Red Star. But SOS is correlated with QAWR (harder schedule = lower QAWR naturally), so we only give it 8% to avoid double-counting.
KO History (7%) — Why we added a 5-year knockout record to a current-season model. The argument: Real Madrid's 11/14 knockout ties won across 5 UCLs is not noise. Neither is PSG winning the 2025 final 5-0 after finishing 15th in the league phase. There is a real but hard-to-quantify quality called "knockout mentality" — the ability to raise your level when it matters, defend leads, come back from deficit. The KO history component is our attempt to capture it with data. It deliberately uses 5 years of data to smooth out single-season luck.
UEFA Coefficient (3%) — Why we include it at all given it's so low. The argument: it's a tiny tiebreaker for teams with nearly identical ratings elsewhere. It represents accumulated European quality over 5 seasons and gives Real Madrid a nudge they deserve for structural historical reasons. At 3% it can't distort the rankings but it can break dead heats.
KO Bonus (additive, scaled) — Why some teams get added or subtracted ELO points on top. The argument: the composite score measures quality but not bracket context. PSG who just beat Liverpool, Aston Villa and Arsenal on the way to the 2025 final deserve a positive adjustment that no phase stat captures. Conversely Tottenham who went out in the R16 to Liverpool in 2022-23 deserves a negative adjustment. The scaling (dampener = composite/200) means strong teams get more benefit from positive records and less damage from negative ones, which mirrors how knockout football actually works — quality amplifies momentum.
Write all of this in warm, human, first-person analyst voice. Like someone who built the model explaining it over coffee. Not academic, not bullet points. Paragraphs.

4. REDESIGN: Tab structure
Restructure the entire app into these tabs in this order:

ELO Table — current ratings table (already exists, keep it)
Bracket — bracket view (already exists, fix per instruction 1 above)
Swarm — MiroFish swarm results (already exists)
Markets — NEW tab (see instruction 5 below)
Why these weights? — NEW tab (see instruction 3 above)


5. NEW TAB: "Markets"
This is the most complex new tab. It has three sections:
Section A: Kalshi embedded predictions (R16 head-to-heads)
For each R16 tie, display a card showing:

The two teams
First leg result and aggregate
A Kalshi odds widget — fetch from the public Kalshi API:

  GET https://api.elections.kalshi.com/trade-api/v2/markets?series_ticker=SOCCER&status=open
Search for UCL-related markets. For each tie, show the YES bid price as the implied market probability for the home/favoured team advancing. If no exact market is found for that tie, show "No Kalshi market found" gracefully.

Show: Yes probability / No probability for each team advancing

Section B: Model odds (Monte Carlo + Swarm reactions)
This is the "prediction market" the model generates after running Monte Carlo simulations and swarm agents.
For each QF matchup (the ones we know: PSG vs Galatasaray/Liverpool, Real Madrid vs Atalanta/Bayern, Barcelona/Newcastle vs Atletico/Tottenham, Sporting vs Arsenal):
Display three numbers for each matchup:

Yes (home/higher-rated team wins the tie): Monte Carlo win probability
No (away/lower-rated team wins the tie): inverse
This is modelled as a binary market — display it like a prediction market card showing YES/NO prices in cents (e.g. 68¢ YES / 32¢ NO, same as Kalshi format)

The swarm agents "react" to the Monte Carlo in the following way: if the swarm consensus probability for a team is more than 5% higher or lower than the Monte Carlo, display a "SWARM SIGNAL" badge:

Green badge: "Swarm bullish" — swarm rates them higher than MC
Red badge: "Swarm bearish" — swarm rates them lower than MC
No badge: within 5% — models agree

Section C: Disparity table (bottom of Markets tab)
A ranked table showing the biggest gaps between:

Model (Monte Carlo) win probability for each remaining team
Kalshi market price for each remaining team

Columns: Team | Monte Carlo % | Kalshi % | Gap | Direction
Sort by absolute gap descending.
Add a one-line interpretation for the top 3 disparities (e.g. "Model sees Real Madrid as 12.6% likely to win UCL — Kalshi prices them at 18%. Market may be overrating pedigree relative to current form.")
If Kalshi data can't be fetched, show placeholder values from this approximate mapping (these are estimates — replace with live data when available):
pythonKALSHI_APPROX = {
    'Bayern': 28.0,
    'Arsenal': 22.0,
    'RealMadrid': 18.0,
    'PSG': 12.0,
    'Barcelona': 8.0,
    'Liverpool': 5.0,
    'Atletico': 3.0,
    'Leverkusen': 2.0,
    'ManCity': 0.5,
    'Newcastle': 0.5,
    'Sporting': 0.5,
    'Galatasaray': 0.0,
    'Tottenham': 0.0,
    'Atalanta': 0.0,
    'Chelsea': 0.0,
}

6. BRACKET VISUAL STYLE
The bracket should look like the UEFA official bracket style shown in the reference image:

Left side = Silver Path (top half of bracket)
Right side = Blue Path (bottom half of bracket)
Each tie shows: team names, aggregate score if played, "Tomorrow HH:MM" if second leg pending
Confirmed winners have a green checkmark or highlighted row
Eliminated teams are greyed out
The bracket flows left to right: R16 → QF → SF → Final → Trophy icon
Each team card shows their Monte Carlo tournament win % prominently

Bracket structure (confirmed after tonight):
SILVER PATH:
R16: PSG beat Chelsea (8-2 agg) ✓
R16: Liverpool vs Galatasaray (Gala lead 1-0, 2nd leg tomorrow)
→ QF: PSG vs [Liverpool/Galatasaray winner]

R16: Real Madrid beat Man City (5-1 agg) ✓  
R16: Bayern vs Atalanta (Bayern lead 6-1, 2nd leg tomorrow)
→ QF: Real Madrid vs [Bayern/Atalanta winner]

BLUE PATH:
R16: Barcelona vs Newcastle (1-1 agg, 2nd leg tomorrow)
R16: Atletico beat Tottenham (5-2 agg, 2nd leg tomorrow — Atletico through)
→ QF: [Barcelona/Newcastle winner] vs Atletico

R16: Sporting CP beat Bodø/Glimt (5-3 agg) ✓
R16: Arsenal beat Leverkusen (3-1 agg) ✓
→ QF: Sporting vs Arsenal

Implementation order

Update R16 results and mark eliminated teams first (fastest, unblocks everything else)
Fix Arsenal bracket probability display
Add bracket visual redesign
Add "Why these weights?" tab
Add Markets tab — Kalshi section first, then model odds, then disparity table
Test all tabs work and data flows correctly

After each major change, run the dev server and confirm no console errors before moving to the next step.